apigw-lambda/cdk/README.md, before:

# apigw-lambda cdk

## Inititalize

- Replace `tushar-sharma-slsguru-tdc-demo-terraform-backend` with your terraform backend bucket name.
- Replace `ap-south-1` with your region.
- Replace `apigw-lambda-tf-app` with your service name.
- Replace `Tushar` with your local cli admin user name. This user should already exist in the IAM users.

One time steps.

```shell
npm install -g cdk
chmod +x terraform-setup.sh
chmod +x deploy.sh
chmod +x destroy.sh
./terraform-setup.sh
terraform init
```

Every time you need to deploy. You need to run the following.

```shell
./deploy.sh
```

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

## Useful commands

* `npm run build`   compile typescript to js
* `npm run watch`   watch for changes and compile
* `npm run test`    perform the jest unit tests
* `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
* `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
* `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template

## Notes

- The path part is annoying. This is where frameworks like serverless framework shines. I don't have
  to deal with connecting parent path to child path multiple times to create a /a/b/c/d api.
- Lots of freedom in terms of deploying infrastructure components.
- Lots of freedom in passing values around different resources.
- I get all the terraform utility function support.
- Starting a new project is not confusing.

Commit message:

feat(apigw): update cdk and terraform code

apigw-lambda/cdk/README.md, after:

# apigw-lambda cdk

## Inititalize

- Replace `tushar-sharma-slsguru-tdc-demo-terraform-backend` with your terraform backend bucket name.
- Replace `ap-south-1` with your region.
- Replace `apigw-lambda-tf-app` with your service name.
- Replace `Tushar` with your local cli admin user name. This user should already exist in the IAM users.

One time steps.

```shell
npm install -g cdk
chmod +x terraform-setup.sh
chmod +x deploy.sh
chmod +x destroy.sh
./terraform-setup.sh
terraform init
```

Every time you need to deploy. You need to run the following.

```shell
./deploy.sh
```

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

## Useful commands

- `npm run build` compile typescript to js
- `npm run watch` watch for changes and compile
- `npm run test` perform the jest unit tests
- `cdk deploy` deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
- `cdk diff` compare deployed stack with current state
- `cdk synth` emits the synthesized CloudFormation template

## Notes

- Errors are sometimes not clear. I couldn't use my own vpc availability zones.
